#summary Release Notes
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation
= Introduction =
==Xixibase is a high performance, cross platform, distributed cache system.==
Xixibase server write in C++, based on Boost Asio.

===Xixibase 0.6===
Jan-31-2012<br>
*Xixibase Server*
 # Add protection on file load
 # Configuration enhancement
 # Support SSL(openSSL)
*Xixibase Java Client*
 # Support SSL

===Xixibase 0.5===
Dec-7-2011<br>
*Xixibase Server*
 # Bug fix
  * This bug happened after set one big value that size over item_size_max.
 # HTTP GZIP support
 # HTTP download from file
 # HTTP Keep-Alive support
 # Introduce Web page tt
 # Update getBase format, do not compatible with old version
 # Other changes
*Xixibase Java Client*
 # Update getBase format, do not compatible with old version

===Xixibase 0.4===
Nov-14-2011<br>
*Xixibase Server*
 # Bug fix
  * check watch may lead to deadlock
 # Log enhancement, the log file is written
*Xixibase Java Client*
 # Delete the local cache when the client update the server-side data
 # Add some comments
 # Remove some API, such as createDelta
 # Add some examples
 # Javadoc

===Xixibase 0.3===
Nov-5-2011<br>
*Xixibase Server*
 # Bug fix
  * URI decode error for '+'
 # Support HTTP 'HEAD' method
 # Support ETag
 # Other little change
*Xixibase Java Client*
 # Other little change

===Xixibase 0.2===
Nov-2-2011<br>
*Xixibase Server*
 # Bug fix
  * CheckWatch issue
  * delete Peer_Cache async may cause crash
  * update_expiration stats init issue
 # Cross platform enhance, like change "%lu" to PRIu32 ...
 # Build enhancement
 # Log enhancement
 # Support HTTP(part)
 # Other little change
*Xixibase Java Client*
 # Enhance the algorithm of itemSize
 # Default socket noDelay=true
 # Add selector pool for TIME_WAIT issue in windows Multi API

===Xixibase 0.1===
Oct-17-2011<br>
First release, Xixibase Server and Xixibase Java Client
 # Support 'Local Cache', when client enable 'Local Cache', Client can store the data both Server-side and local, and to ensure local data and Server-side data is consistent. This can greatly increase performance and reduce the pressure on Server and network overhead.
 # Support 'virtualization', 'virtualization' can ensure that different service access the same cache erver, it will not conflict.
 # Support 'MultiAPI', like multiGet, multeUpdate, multiDelete. 'MultiAPI' is a batch processing mode, can provide significant performance.
 # High performance.
 # Cross platform, Xixibase is based on the Boost Asio, in principle, as long as Boost Asio supported platforms, Xixibase can be supported. Like Windows, Linux, Mac.